Who did it?
Is it Wang Xun and others?
Ok ok
Impossible absolutely impossible
You are the best
Wang Xue protects the power of review
His hands and feet were also tied
How could he possibly have a chance to escape?
You are still injured like this to deceive Your Highness
That kid is so deceitful
He said he would despise me
And he stunned me with a B puzzle.
Brother, this is the first master you mentioned
If my man were as incompetent as he is
I must have cut him.
Humph
not going
I will definitely let you die
Go out and everyone must find Wang Xun
Princess, he offended King Liang
King Liang will definitely not let him go
Wouldn't bringing him back be a disaster for us?
If you have the ability to offend King Liang
I immediately beg my father to make you a great general
Hurry up and get Wang Xun back
If you can't find Wang Xun, you can bring it up and see it.
I don't know the personnel of the house
Yang Yang is looking for me everywhere now
Tao of Qin Opera
There's no place for me yet
If you don't want to die
Proud to go back with both hands